README.md, before:

# Taskinator

## Lesson 1 
* Access a DOM element with JavaScript
* Listen for and handle click events
* Use a anonymous function as a callback
* Dynamically create DOM elements, manipulate DOM properties, and append them to other DOM elements.
* Dynamically style DOM elements.

## Lesson 2
* Added a form to the HTML document and learned a new HTML element, the 'select' dropdown element.
* Submitted forms using the 'submit' event listener.
* Overrode default browser behavior by introducing 'event.preventDefault();'
* Retrieved data from a form element using its 'value' property.
* Used a new DOM element property, 'innerHTML', to write HTML code instead of simple text.
* Refactored the code to be reusable.
* Used simple form validation with 'if' statements to prevent user errors in the application.
* Reset the form to its default state by using the 'reset()' method on a form element.

## Lesson 3
* Practiced additional ways of traversing the DOM and manipulating elements.
* Used a new event to specifically handle 'select' elements.
* Leveraged event delegation to account for event handlers on multiple, dynamically generated elements.
* Learned several new DOM element methods, including the following:
    - setAttribute()
    - getAttribute()
    - removeAttribute()
    - remove()
    - matches()

## Lesson 4
* Access the DOM using methods like:
    - addEventListener()
    - querySelector()
    - createElement()
    - setAttribute()
    - getAttribute()
* Add interactivity with HTML by adding browser event listeners such as 'click', 'submit', and 'change'.
* Handle events in JavaScript using callback functions.
* Use the 'event' object.
* Use the DOM to both read content from the HTML page and create new content to add to or edit on the page. 
* Identify DOM elements using HTML5 data attributes so that we can interact with them.
* Store task items in an organized list using an array of objects.
* Sync the data with the display in the browser.
* Save data using 'localStorage', and serialize and de-serialize the data using 'JSON.stringify()' and 'JSON.parse()'
* Track technical debt and refactor the code as needed.
* Deploy the app to the internet using GitHub Pages.

Commit message:

Added Live URL to README

README.md, after:

# Taskinator
Taskinator is now Live! Check it out here! [https://chaskin91.github.io/Taskinator/]

## Lesson 1 
* Access a DOM element with JavaScript
* Listen for and handle click events
* Use a anonymous function as a callback
* Dynamically create DOM elements, manipulate DOM properties, and append them to other DOM elements.
* Dynamically style DOM elements.

## Lesson 2
* Added a form to the HTML document and learned a new HTML element, the 'select' dropdown element.
* Submitted forms using the 'submit' event listener.
* Overrode default browser behavior by introducing 'event.preventDefault();'
* Retrieved data from a form element using its 'value' property.
* Used a new DOM element property, 'innerHTML', to write HTML code instead of simple text.
* Refactored the code to be reusable.
* Used simple form validation with 'if' statements to prevent user errors in the application.
* Reset the form to its default state by using the 'reset()' method on a form element.

## Lesson 3
* Practiced additional ways of traversing the DOM and manipulating elements.
* Used a new event to specifically handle 'select' elements.
* Leveraged event delegation to account for event handlers on multiple, dynamically generated elements.
* Learned several new DOM element methods, including the following:
    - setAttribute()
    - getAttribute()
    - removeAttribute()
    - remove()
    - matches()

## Lesson 4
* Access the DOM using methods like:
    - addEventListener()
    - querySelector()
    - createElement()
    - setAttribute()
    - getAttribute()
* Add interactivity with HTML by adding browser event listeners such as 'click', 'submit', and 'change'.
* Handle events in JavaScript using callback functions.
* Use the 'event' object.
* Use the DOM to both read content from the HTML page and create new content to add to or edit on the page. 
* Identify DOM elements using HTML5 data attributes so that we can interact with them.
* Store task items in an organized list using an array of objects.
* Sync the data with the display in the browser.
* Save data using 'localStorage', and serialize and de-serialize the data using 'JSON.stringify()' and 'JSON.parse()'
* Track technical debt and refactor the code as needed.
* Deploy the app to the internet using GitHub Pages.
